Prepare for EAP3 release (#187)
gradle/declarative-gradle: docs/getting-started/README.md

In our first [announcement](https://blog.gradle.org/declarative-gradle), we announced a new experimental project called Declarative Gradle.
That post introduced our ideas for a developer-first software definition and how we planned to fulfill our vision for a declarative build language for Gradle.

Since then, we've been working hard to create sample projects and add support for Declarative Gradle in Android Studio, IntelliJ and VSCode. 

!!! info

>     With each EAP, we would like you to try out what we have built so far.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After each EAP, we encourage you to try out what we have built so far and tell us what you think!
```
